WebsocketProviderV2 `recv()` lock + other multi-tasking support (#3125)
fubuloubu/web3.py: docs/internals.rst

The Manager acts as a gatekeeper for the request/response lifecycle.  It is
unlikely that you will need to change the Manager as most functionality can be
implemented in the Middleware layer.

Request Processing for Persistent Connection Providers
------------------------------------------------------

.. py:class:: web3.providers.websocket.request_processor.RequestProcessor

The ``RequestProcessor`` class is responsible for the storing and syncing up of
asynchronous requests to responses for a ``PersistentConnectionProvider``. The best
example of one such provider is the
:class:`~web3.providers.websocket.WebsocketProviderV2`. In order to send a websocket
message and receive a response to that particular request,
``PersistentConnectionProvider`` instances have to match request *id* values to
response *id* values coming back from the websocket connection. Any provider that does
not adhere to the `JSON-RPC 2.0 specification <https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification>`_
in this way will not work with ``PersistentConnectionProvider`` instances. The specifics

> of how the request processor handles this is outlined below.

Reviewer: "are outlined below", so verb matches noun (specifics).

One-To-One Requests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> One-to-one requests can be summarized as any request that expects one response back.

Reviewer: nit, take or leave: "expects a single response", or "expects one and only one response" to clarify that it won't be more than one.

An example is using the ``eth`` module API to request the latest block number.

.. code-block:: python

    >>> async def wsV2_one_to_one_example():
    ...     async with AsyncWeb3.persistent_websocket(
    ...         WebsocketProviderV2(f"ws://127.0.0.1:8546")
    ...     ) as w3:
    ...         # make a request and expect a single response returned on the same line
    ...         latest_block_num = await w3.eth.block_number

    >>> asyncio.run(wsV2_one_to_one_example())

> With websockets we have to call ``ws_send()`` and asynchronously receive responses via

Reviewer: It looks like these should match - `ws.send` and `ws.recv` - but I don't know for certain. Is it correct as is?

> ``ws.recv()``. In order to make the one-to-one request-to-response call work, we
> have to save the request information somewhere so that, when the response is received,
> we can match it to the original request that was made (the request with a matching *id*
> to the response that was received), and use that request information to process the
> response. Processing the response, in this case, means running it through the

Reviewer 2: Long sentence, tried to clean it up a little but no hard feelings about it.
```suggestion
``ws.recv()``. A one-to-one request-to-response call works by matching the request 
and response to ensure the result is processed appropriately. When a request is made,
a request ID is stored so that it can be used when a response is returned to determine 
if it came from that same request. When the original request is found it processes the 
result by running it through the
```

One-to-one responses, those that include a JSON-RPC *id* in the response object, are
stored in an internal ``SimpleCache`` class, isolated from any one-to-many responses.
When the ``PersistentConnectionProvider`` is looking for a response internally, it will
cycle within a ``while`` loop, alternating between checking this cache (in case
somewhere else in the code our desired response was cached by another call) and calling
``recv()`` on the websocket connection to see if it is yet to come.

One-To-Many Requests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

One-to-many requests can be summarized by any request that expects many responses as a
result of the initial request. An example is the ``eth_subscribe`` request. The initial
``eth_subscribe`` request expects only one response, the subscription *id* value, but
it also expects to receive many ``eth_subscription`` messages if and when the request is
successful. For this reason, the original request is considered a one-to-one request
so that a subscription *id* can be returned to the user on the same line, but the
``listen_to_websocket()`` method on the
:class:`~web3.providers.websocket.WebsocketConnection` class, the public API for

> interacting with the active websocket connection, is set up to receive many-to-one

Reviewer: "set up to receive many eth_subscription responses"  - the "-to-one" here feels unnecessary, no?
